Your happiness is what truly matters most. Do what you have to do in order to be happy.
It is not titles that honour men, but men that honour titles.
The ego wants to go fast. The soul needs to go slow.
Having lots of money while not having inner peace is like dying of thirst while bathing in the ocean.
Saying nothing sometimes says the most.
Wit is educated insolence.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Walk with those seeking truth... RUN FROM THOSE WHO THINK THEY'VE FOUND IT.
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to focus.
It's better to dance than to march through life.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends.
The universe doesn't give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.
You cannot teach a crab to walk straight.
People inspire you, or they drain you. Pick them wisely.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Success is about doing the right thing, not about doing everything right.
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans. 
Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success. 
If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near.
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
To be angry is to revenge the faults of others on ourselves.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more. 
The only defense against the world is a thorough knowledge of it.
Here and now...breathe and relax...in battle and in life.
Your first and foremost job as a leader is to take charge of your own energy and then help to orchestrate the energy of those around you.
The best of us sometimes eat our words.  
Nothing endures but change.
People have the illusion that all over the world, all the time, all kinds of fantastic things are happening.
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything.
No idea, no matter how good, will work if it doesn't get used.
The reward of suffering is experience.
Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still. 
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
Your dream has to be bigger than your fear.
The greatest weariness comes from work not done.
The purpose of life is to contribute in some way to making things better.
Observe things as they are and don't pay attention to other people.
All problems are illusions of the mind.
Turn the pain into power.
A crisis is an opportunity riding the dangerous wind.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Our life is what our thoughts make it. A man will find that as he alters his thoughts toward things and other people, things and other people will alter towards him.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Natural talent only determines the limits of your athletic potential. It's dedication and a willingness to discipline your life that makes you great.
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the greatest intention.  
